MONDAY

I kind of had to relearn how to learn again. And it was difficult to get into the process of making my new game. I have this thing where I guess it's an imposter syndrome where I basically try and do everything myself from like a blank canvas. Rather than using any sort of predesigned templates or structures that can help me along the way. I've done this throughout my life so it's nothing new, but now I'm trying to create a 3rd album, whilst also trying to create a video game. So, it’s quite ridiculous the amount of time and effort even one of those can take and I'm now doing both by myself. Because of this I had to spend basically the entirety of Monday failing and trying repeatedly. It got *very* frustrating, even though it was quite rewarding to be able to create this stuff again. Seeing something work because I created it, gave me a kind of buzz, but then as the day went on and I was deleting more than I was creating due to failure, I made the statement at the end of the day that I was just going to try to find a template that basically could be of a similar vein to my game. SO. Success?

TUESDAY

I have now found a blueprint called Infinite Runner, and I have been basically using that to be able to learn the ins and outs of being able to create and destroy obstacles and flaws and spawn them when needed. So, it's been a bit of a learning experience today and now it was more about trying to figure out how to both do music and game related tasks. I've now come to the conclusion that I'm going to set certain days for both things. Maybe one day I'm doing pure music learning on my instrument to be able to facilitate playing tough riffs on my guitar. Another day I'll be doing game development learning. Another day I'll be doing the actual creation of the album, and another day I'll be doing the creation of the game. *Phew*. Now, trying to maximize on being able to do everything and make a solid week. I'm finding that with my ADHD medication, it is completely making things too hyper focus, where I am losing track of time. Like not eating and completely going into the night, from morning. I must be stopped by my partner or else it just keeps going.

WEDNESDAY

Now as Wednesday has come, I’ve kind of said to myself it’s game development day. Getting out of my ego and impostor syndrome, I am allowing myself to use other people's templates, which are completely free, and they're able to be utilized and destroyed and reformatted based on what I want from it. I’ve really tried to get out of need to have everything done by scratch. It led me down a path of focusing away from my game too much and kind of overwhelmed me with information that I didn’t require yet.

THURSDAY

With everything I’ve learnt and gone through this week, not even including the fact that I’ve changed my entire branding, I jumped into today very determined. As the day progressed I discovered that I just wanted to learn the Engine that I was using, even if just the basics again. I think I needed to have some success instead of constant blocks. Now you must know, I have spent the last 8 years being comfortable in my music job. I’ve been able to handle everything on the work side, quite well. Only a couple of times I pushed myself to try difficult things. So, it has been a lot this week just completely bringing back lots of past knowledge, especially when a lot has changed in technology since that time and has literally made certain things obsolete. So, at the backend of the day, I started to become obsessed with learning the Engine again. And telling myself that this is learning, and I’m not failing.  
  
***FRIDAY***  
  
As the day began, I got straight into learning. What's a Boolean? What's a float, vector, array, Construction Script. How do they relate, how do they connect. Just lots of small things that have started to fall in place and allow me to see the larger picture, in a more digestible manner. This just continued through the day, like literally all day. I was obsessed. I didn’t implement anything, build anything, or contribute to the game. But I started to *understand* more. So. Success? *Yes*.  
  
Now throughout this week, it mainly focused on the gaming development and knowledge of Unreal Engine, and certain 3D software. But throughout this, I **did** play my electric guitar more this week than I have for several years. I started to learn economy picking in combination with alternate picking, allowing me to maintain speed and comfort. It’s taken me nearly 10 years to understand how to have those combo each other, but this week, maybe with all the rewiring, it fell into place. I once again, brought out the old Paul Gilbert Speed Videos, and watched Eric Johnson do those incredibly cool cascading runs.  
Thank you for reading!  
  
***SATURDAY*** / ***SUNDAY*** - - - - - - Family, billiards, music, rest.
