So having always been quite introspective, and highly sensitive to other's opinions, and my own fearful ones, I created a job from nothing. I quite literally had \$12 in my pocket at the end of my Bachelor of Music Performance and first album, was kicked out of my home and had to reassess what was next. Cut to nearly 10 years later, through countless opposition and positive reinforcement, negative and positive people with their own fearful and optimistic projections and my own internal battles and wins, I have successfully built a role as a professional musician, that I can only see getting bigger and better. So, that's where we cut to this very day.

I don't want to do it anymore. Well, not like what I've been doing. I am now known as Nahtanriel, and I will be starting effectively from scratch. Now, I've built a following from my local town, knowing me as the Sunbury Busker. I have performed a lot, for a long time, under the banner of Nathan Gabriel. I have successfully maintained and grew my sole - trading music business. But now I want something new. What does that look like? Well, you'll have to stay tuned for that. But look forward to hearing about a new video game I have been creating (*Like a whole game?! Yes*), my third album, and new video material that is much broader than ever before for me. It's time for a larger version of myself, unrestricted by my innate people pleasing, highly influenced brain, and safe mind.

But circumstances changed, I was forced to move to another town, moving away from my childhood friends, my fellow tennis group and the after-school music class that would have provided me with a Certificate III. I then developed what I later found out was Ankylosing Spondylitis (*Say that 5 times fast....and I appear* 😮)

So tennis was soon put to the side, and I started to question what I wanted in life. (*Probably just wanted food, where me foodies at?*) But in all seriousness, I really started to have an internal battle of what will be my future. Tennis was all I wanted, and I started to become a 3D modeler.

As all this was happening, I randomly was picking up the guitar, not mine, sorry sis, and it would bring me comfort during some incredibly traumatic and dark times. Having moved on from my childhood town/home and close circle of friends, developing a degenerative back condition and walking away from many years of Tennis progression, things needed to change.

So I had to come up with a plan. Cue quick montage.

Finish school, work and get some money, learn guitar well enough to get into a Bachelor of Music Performance and bypass Certificate III. So, within a year I played Electric Guitar every day, every waking minute and auditioned. I got in. Then for the next 4 and a bit years, I met some incredible musicians and teachers, that humbled me beyond belief, always showing me there was room for improvement.
