I started my musical journey listening to the likes of John Denver, Fleetwood Mac, George Michael, Riverdance and many more. Music was often relegated to the living room of my household, whilst my parents did the house errands, and I sat on the floor. (*Absolute lazy this guy. Child. I should leave that*). But then came the Sony CD Walkman. I filled my world with the sounds of Michael Jackson, Linkin Park, Metallica and many more again. That began a new soundscape journey.

I never imagined myself as a person within the bands that I listened to, never thinking that was my path. But without a doubt, it moved me like nothing else. It got me through incredibly tough times, and heightened the good ones.

When I watched my sister play the acoustic guitar. I was enamoured by the sound, and the emotion it could deliver. From simple chords to complex lead lines, I threw myself at it like I did with everything. As time progressed, I joined my music class within my High School. I gravitated towards the Electric Guitar, and was taken over by watching Kirk Hammett (Metallica) and Joe Satriani. (*Found on Limewire, sorry Larz*) I started to become better. But I never imagined it to be anything more than enjoyable for my own self. It was mine, and mine alone. (*My precious*)

But it wasn't my guitar, thank you sis! So this continued into joining school music groups in High School, and playing a couple of performances. I then proceeded into getting a Cert II, but something happened. **Check Life Journey Section Below**.

Since that time, I have earned a Bachelor of Music Performance from NMIT, created two solo albums, busked on the streets of Sunbury, Melbourne, Victoria and performed at many Events, Festivals, Birthdays and Establishments as Nathan Gabriel, the Sunbury Busker. I have been able to play my original music on the radio, perform alongside some incredible musicians that I grew up listening too, and earn a comfortable living playing music. TO BE CONTINUED
