I fell in love with video games at an early age. It was an escape, but also an expander. It showed me the culmination of many talented people, getting together and forming a world, full of sound, story and visual. I became obsessed with trying whatever I could get my hands on, and that was the PlayStation 1, PSP and the original Microsoft Xbox. (*I can still smell it, like a new car smell*). As the years went on this expanded, but I transitioned more to the PC. Throughout the later years of High School, I began to learn quite a lot within the realm of software and technology. Learning how to code websites, create images and models using 2d or 3d software and using video software. (*Stick figure fight ftw*)

And I got really fixated on making videos for projects for school, using programs such as Premier Pro and After Effects. But this all culminated in the desire to see if I could actually make a game. I started to learn 3d modelling, using 3ds Max. I even read, roughly the entire 3ds Max handbook, then utilizing Zbrush, and Unreal Engine. My first projects were a hero and villain model, created from bones to skin meshing, clothing and texturing. I came second in my Year 11 media class. (*Yes*) I recreated my house that I lived at, being able to run around, at scale, and move around the environment, open doors, interact with the toilet etc. Then adding 3d models I had created and using physics to be able to destroy them and watch them crumble. (*Havok lovers where you at?*)

I didn't quite make the game of my dreams yet, but it definitely gave me further love and understanding of the behind the scenes of game development.

As I moved my focus towards music and it fully absorbed my life, I still found time to keep learning Unreal Engine and further my skillset. I have since developed several small projects for myself, each with its own identity, but now I want to create something real.

I then leaned into the Twitch Streaming space, and created a channel dedicated to playing games LIVE with people watching and commenting. I slowly grew to the point of having a max of 8 people watching (*Hey, that's small, but imagine them in the room with you, doesn't feel so small now, it's all perspective*) and it currently has 49 followers. I may return!

I am in the process of creating a video game, with a unique concept derived from the idea of the finality of life, and the process of discovering what it may mean for each of us. Currently re-learning and expanding my game engine knowledge to achieve this.
